Proud of Vietnam
[music]
[Applause]
Vietnam is proud to be Vietnam, proud to be Vietnam,
Vietnam is proud to be Vietnam,
Vietnam
[music]
Green fields, green mountains, green clouds, Clouds swirling
around,
singing high, high, stars soaring, The silvery sound of birds in the vast forest,
Vietnam, the birth of a beautiful woman, secretly listening to the ocean whispering, our
ancestors, a thousand years old, Thanh Son, the
forest built, the love of fish, Vietnam, the
golden mark, the peaceful sky, the
Vietnamese people, hand in hand, carrying
intelligence to the world, From H is Vietnam, the Vietnamese people,
we, hand in hand, intelligence, the value of the
world, our friends, let's hold hands,
each step, calling out, stopping, building, the sky, the
Vietnamese song, following the path, Vietnam, proud to be
Vietnam, proud to be Vietnam,
Vietnam, from H is Vietnam, from H is Vietnam,
Vietnam
[music]
The bright light of birth, secretly listening to the ocean whispering, our
ancestors, a thousand years old, youth
building, love, the heroic
Vietnam, the circle, the mark, holding the sky, the
Vietnamese people, Hand in Hand
Vietnam, the Vietnamese people,
we hold hands, we build a strong foundation for the Vietnamese nation. Let's
hold hands
every step of the way, let's build a
strong foundation for the Vietnamese nation, following the path of enlightenment. Let's
hold hands every
step of the way, let's build a heroic anthem for
Vietnam, following the path of enlightenment. Vietnam, proud to be Vietnam,
proud to be Vietnam, Vietnam,
proud to be Vietnam, Vietnam, Vietnam.
[Music]
[Applause]